[MUSIC]
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so let's look at
what to test looks like the if you fail.
So,
>> Brian Holt: But you can also,
let's do another thing, expect 1 + 1 to,
>> Brian Holt: I
can't remember off the top of my head.
Is it to.equal(2), or
it might be one method.
>> Brian Holt: I think
that that's what it is.
So let's do 5 here or something like that.
>> Brian Holt: So let's run that again.
>> Brian Holt: Nope, it is .to.equal.
>> Brian Holt: Yep, okay, so
this is what it looks like if
you are not doing it correctly.
So assertionError, I expected 2.
Sorry, so this came out to be 2 and
I was expecting it to equal 5 right?
So that's what this looks like.
So I think that's a nice feature,
cuz it actually tells you what you were
expecting and what you actually got.
>> Brian Holt: So yeah,
again, I mess it up.
It's .to.equal(5).
>> Brian Holt: Then another useful tip and
trick is you can also do x.
So as soon as I put that x there in front
of it, it's no longer gonna run this test.
So for example, if you're writing code and
you break a bunch of your tests and you
just don't wanna run them until you fix
them, you can just throw that x on front.
And now, if I come back here,
>> Brian Holt: It'll
just say that my test is pending, right?
And that this blue just basically means
it didn't actually end up running at all.
>> Brian Holt: Same with describe, you
can actually comment out entire blocks.
>> Brian Holt: So all useful tips and
tricks if you gonna do some unit testing.
This is like Unit Testing 101, right?
[LAUGH] Okay.
>> Speaker 2: There's a couple people
with some errors in the check.
Could you maybe just
post a checkpoint here so
everyone could compare and,
>> Brian Holt: Let's make it
work again first.
>> Brian Holt: Yeah,
let's actually make it past 2, whatever.
Okay, git status, git add -A.
>> Brian Holt: -b fem-14.
>> Speaker 3: Is there a difference
between git add., and git add -A?
>> Brian Holt: There is, that's also gonna
add your deletions as well if you do -A.
>> Brian Holt: -A is going to
be everything that changed.
Definitely dot is going
to have some caveats.
For example, if you're in a subdirectory,
it's only gonna add everything
in that subdirectory onward.
It's not gonna add everything
of the directory either.
-A is gonna be everything inside of this
git-repo, it's definitely gonna be added.
>> Brian Holt: I didn't switch branches,
did I?
>> Brian Holt: I just called it 15.
git commit --amend.
>> Brian Holt: Let's make that 14,
>> Brian Holt: Right?
Yep, git push origin fem-14.
Okay, I don't know why that
mattered to me, but it did.
I had to fix it.
[LAUGH] Okay, so
now hopefully we're on the same page.
We have our test set up, let's go ahead
and add that to our package.json so
we don't have to remember to
type the path every single time.
>> Brian Holt: So first thing we wanna do,
is we're gonna fix standard later,
cuz right now standard's
being run through webpack.
And if you try and
run it through test right now it's
not going to work super well.
But anyway, we're gonna move that to lint.
So we're gonna say lint: "standard", and
then we're gonna change test
actually just run our unit tests.
>> Brian Holt: Some people assert that you
when you run test you wanna run both your
linting and your unit tests.
It's totally fine if you wanna do that,
it just takes a lot longer, and
usually, I want to run one or the other.
So it's gonna be,
what do we have up here, "mocha --
require test/helpers/setup.js".